Durg, son of Darg

I was born in a large dwarven mining town called Bom Thorum in the shadow of Mt. Nebadur during the Years of Longer Peace (as my people knew it at the time). My father, Darg Hammerfell, is a high-ranking officer of the Dwarven Northern Frontier Reconnaissance Force. He is stationed at Bom Thorum to protect it, and the iron that arms the Dwarven war-machine, from the scourges of the north - fell creatures and dark apparitions that roam the desolate wastes north of the mountains in which Bom Thorum lies. Groomed from a young age in military tactics and weapons techniques, living in smoky Bom Thorum gave me a passion for metalworking and smithing as well. Making things, breaking things - anything that involves hammers and I'm there!

Quite a free-spirited dwarf, I resisted at times the strict discipline and routine that my father values highly. Eventually though, because there isn't much opportunity for career progression as a blacksmith in Bom Thorum and to please my father, I joined the DNFRF as a Private. No shortcuts for me with such a regimented father - "Rank is earned", he would say. I was assigned to be part of one of the scouting parties that patrol the mountain ranges and passes north of Bom Thorum. The scouts were formed to monitor, track, and kill any fell creatures or other dark things that strayed too close to dwarven lands. The scouts are the hammer and bow that guards the realm of dwarfs and ensure that the Years of Longer Peace endure. For many years it was so boring! Born in peace, raised in peace, I feared that I would die in peace without a chance to prove myself. A chance to earn a higher rank than Private and honour my father. I wished for change, for conflict, for action - how foolishly over-eager I realised I had been when my wish was granted.

It was a patrol like any other, scouting through the same winding pass that we had patrolled the weeks and months before without an incident or even a sighting. The night was beginning to close in as our patrol group jovially discussed where we should make camp for the night. Complacent in our surroundings, we failed to note the abnormal quiet of valley and the unusual stillness of the cool dusk air.

Suddenly, we were beset upon my creatures I did not recognise and could not name. Lashing out from the dark woods around us, they felled half of the patrol before we could begin to react. Drawing our axes and warhammers and screaming our dwarven war-cries, those of us still standing went to work upon our attackers - swinging and smashing, bashing and bludgeoning! In those first few moments I felt almost happy - the thrill of battle surging through me, my vision clear, the cold anchor of my warhammer in my hands.

Then, a cold and rasping voice from the dark, "Take the survivors!". Distant twangs, the whistle of arrows! I span towards the sounds, raising my warhammer in front of me in a futile attempt to deflect the incoming assault. Too slow! The arrow struck true, ripping through my leather armour and piercing deeply into my abdomen. I began to yell, readying myself to fight to death, to take as many of those evil creatures with me when I began to feel it - a cold numbness spreading from the arrow wound, my vison darkening, the warhammer falling from my hands as the sleeping poison laced onto the arrow tip took me under.

We awoke later in darkness, crammed into dingy cells that smelt like rotten corpse and death, our armour removed. By fortune, I had been placed in a cell with two of my friends from the patrol - one of which was a medic who had managed to staunch his own arrow wound as well as ours. I asked where our commander was and my friends had said that they did not know but that they had seen him get hit by one of those fell arrows during the battle. Days passed, broken only by hooded figures coming to drag one or more of us away for "experimentation". Those of us that were brought back to the cells alive returned pale, shaking, and dazed - never quite able to remember what had been done to us, only that it was painful and not entirely physical.

One day, after all hope had almost been lost, our commander walked into the dungeon. I thought he must have escaped the ambush somehow and come back to save us. He put his finger to his lips and I stayed silent. Still carrying his battleaxe and shield he slowly walked over and unlocked our cell door, not saying a word. As I rose to thank him his shield lashed out, knocking me off my feat as he brought his axe down upon the head of one of my sleeping friends. We had been taking it in turns to keep guard - old habits die hard even when you are a prisoner in a dungeon - and I had not woken them immediately, such was my surprise at seeing our commander again. I yelled as my friend's head rolled off into a corner of the cell and kicked my other friend to wake him.

"My new master has no need for you anymore. His experiments are complete for now. I am to end your lives to prove my loyalty. Resistance is futile." said my commander, a rotting stench of decay and dark magic billowing from his abyssal maw as he spoke.

My vision began to change again - not into blackness as before but into a deep rich pulsating redness as the rage consumed me. Tearing the battleaxe from my commander's grip, I began to hack and slash with new found fury at him, separating his arms and legs from his torso. A gentle touch from my surviving friend, woken by my rage-fuelled yells, calmed me and brought me back to my senses. I picked up my commander's shield, pulling his arm from the straps and tossing it on top of his lifeless body. As we fled the dungeon, we found a small room nearby where our weapons had been stored. Dumping the battleaxe and grabbing my trusty warhammer, we ran. The going was tough as, very weakened by our long period in captivity, we struggled to find our way back to a road, river, or valley we recognised. A few more days of slow arduous stumbling later we found it - the river Voghgalor that runs down from the mountains and through Bom Thorum.

Making our way along the cliff edge by the river, we were making good progress and joyous that we might survive this ordeal when a growl from the woods beside us caught our attention. Turning our backs to the river and raising our weapons we watched as a pack of giant wolves appeared from beneath the canopy of trees. Our hearts sank as we saw that upon them rode the Experimenter and some of his acolytes. Upon the last, a terrifying sight, the now undead reassembled body of our commander! His limbs hurriedly and haphazardly reattached - one leg where an arm should be and one arm where a leg should be!

The hooded experimenter laughed at our frozen horror and abject despair as he raised a finger towards me. A flash of light, a shocking jolt as a bolt of lightning hit me in the chest. As I began to fall unconscious, my friend grabbed my falling body: "Alert Bom Thorum, alert your father!", he whispered to me as he did a quick healing spell to keep me alive and rolled me off of the cliff into the river.

I woke much later, back at home in Bom Thorum, nursed back to health by my mother. I told my father and the town elders what had happened and with some magic tricks they believed that I was telling the truth. However, I had failed as a Private in the DNFRF; killed my commander, even if he had gone full evil, and lost my friends. I couldn't stay after that - I left to become an adventurer, though my father's influence let me keep my rank and insignia. Maybe one day I'll be recalled to serve again, to fight whatever evil found us in those mountain passes, and when that day comes I'll have to face my fears.
