## 17th Ennamene 1741
### Southward on the road: Tylwyth Deeps to Ystrad Ford
#### The Pissed Pixies
* Today we came across a small river that Sihtric's letter to Haestan hadn't mentioned! Surely the rain alone could not have created such a vast girth of unmapped water. This shrewd intellectual instinct was quickly validated when we tied a rope around Parx and he ventured forward only to instantly fall asleep as they touched the accursed flow! We pulled him out fine - no harm done thanks to a trusty hemp rope.
* We then set about trying to figure out how to cross safely - I proposed chopping down a tree until I was reminded of Haestan's massive cart! Ephraim and Askrigg detected (funny magic stuff) some entities on the other side of the river and called out to them. Their responses were not in the slightest bit helpful but we did eventually figure out that crossing the river with our eyes closed was the solution. We blindfolded Clover just to be on the safe side and led her across with the cart.
* So furious was I with the pixie tricksters when we reached the other bank that I smacked a nearby tree in frustration. I didn't expect escorting a cart to be such an intellectual demanding endeavour! I don't remember much for an hour or so after that except a strange hunger for voles and shrews. The others tell me that those damnable pixies turned me into a weasel for hitting that tree! BAH-MAGICK!

#### The Pungent Pool
* Shortly after returning to my pure dwarf form (albeit in Ephraim's backpack - damn that was a pain to get out of!) we came across a stagnant pool of water against one of the rock cliffs that flanked either side of the road. A withered tree erupting from the centre of where the putrescent pool met the base of the cliff. Some, at first glance, unremarkable bushes stood around the waterfront.
* A new found wariness of water already welling up within us we tied a rope around Ephraim and sent him forth to collect some of the pond-water in his mess tin for further examination. As soon as he touched the waters the bushes came to life and attacked him (note to self: be wary of bushes as well as water).
* Ephraim knocked unconscious in the first blow by the master-bush (technically a vine blight) we spritely sprang into action to come to his aid. I dropped the rope, dashed forward, and threw one of my handaxes straight into the belly of the master-bush. The rest of the battle is a blur but thankfully Ephraim returned to consciousness by himself (thank Borus for that as I don't know shit about medicine or healing)!
* Askrigg investigated the pond and found a fair bit of gold and a pretty gem on a skeleton lying on the bottom at the base of the tree. I asked him to pass me the skeleton's skull to add to my collection as a replacement for the wolf's paw.
* Before we left Ephraim poured a couple of drops of water from his Borusbottle into the pond and the water cleared.

#### The Weevil in the Glade
* Later in the day we came across a creepy glade of trees which the road ran through. In the middle of the road on the opposite side of the glade there was an hourglass on top of a wooden stool and next to it lay a humanoid skeleton. After identifying that there was no possible way that we could get the cart around the glade, we decided to all enter the circle of trees together (including Haestan, Clover, and the cart).
* Upon entering the glade the chaotic evil weevil (as we discovered later) flipped the hourglass, which created an impassable wall of force around the glade. The weevil told us not to let the hourglass run out so I took it and turned it sideways so it could never run out. I tried unsuccessfully to kill the invisible flying weevil by throwing my handaxes towards the sound of its terrifying voice.
* Ephraim kept on questioning the weevil and thought that it was lying to us. We decided, eventually, to let the hourglass run out because the weevil didn't want it to. As the hourglass ran out the weevil exploded and the wall of force dissipated. I put the hourglass into my backpack - it might come in handy in the future if I can unlock its magical powers!

#### The Watchtower at Ystrad Ford
* We proceeded down from the glade to Ystrad Ford where we crossed and spoke to Nisien (the Chief Lieutenant and Captain of Guards for Crug Hyfgha). We told him of the goblins et cetera that we had encountered on our way to the ford from Tylwyth Deeps. He asked us to travel with him to Crug Hyfgha tomorrow and tell Lord Goryon about what we had seen. We have agreed to this and taken up his offer of food and shelter at the watchtower for the night.
