## 25th Ennamene 1741
### Northward in pursuit: In the woods above the River Ystrad
#### Killer Rave in the Goblin Cave
* It was slow going through the woods but eventually we came across a guarded cave entrance. We made short work of the goblin and hobgoblin - Parx eviscerated it - that were standing outside. By a stroke of luck we discovered a map on the hobgoblin - this gave us a rough idea of the layout of the cave system.
* With Parx's leadership we entered the cave stealthily and massacred the bugbear, hobgoblins, wolves, and goblins in the "entrance cavern". Parx had discovered a trap pit near the entrance and warned us about it. However, this didn't stop Askrigg and Tuilleth taking a tumble down it during the battle. Tuilleth helped Askrigg out using his 50ft hemp rope, tossed him across, and proceeded to fall down the pit himself which knocked him unconscious. Thankfully, Ephraim managed to reach the top of the pit and heal him.
* In our examination of the bugbear's "office", we found a shiny black shield. We decided to take a short rest in the office and in this time Ephraim examined the shield. According to Ephraim the shield seems to have some magical related to reducing the damage from arrows and other piercing weapons. It seems that he would have to attune to it in order to benefit from this epic boon!
* At the end of our short rest we could hear the clicking of mandibles from the other side of the door. I decided to charge out first and was immediately drenched by a swarm of spiders. I ignored them to charge straight at the giant spider in the middle of the cavern. After being restrained by a web sprayed at me from the arse of the giant spider, Askrigg came to my aid with a burning hands which burnt the web off me and yet did no damage to me - magic is strange. Freed from the web, I grappled the giant spider and pushed it into a fire pit. Ephraim then struck the beast down with a fell strike from his mighty hammer!
* After the dust had settled, Parx scouted ahead to try and see what was up the main tunnel deeper into the caves. Thank god he is quick on his feet or he would have gotten crushed by the boulder that came tumbling down the tunnel and fell into a deep pit (which we hadn't noticed at first) when a goblin at the top of the tunnel pulled a lever. We decided to try and find another route.

#### To table or not to table?
* During our exploration for a route that didn't have a significant risk of death by boulder we came across a chest on a table. Parx thoroughly investigated the chest for traps but found none. Drawn into a false sense of security by this, he reached out to open the chest and was immediately attacked by the table - a mimic in disguise. We promptly slew the table - Tuilleth got the final blow when he brought his spear down through the table's face!
* In the chest we discovered a pair of boots and a ring. Parx sat down with the boots a little later and discovered that the boots make the wearer more stealthy - he'll be an undetectable half-orc before we know it! I can't remember who examined the ring but they discovered that it seems to give some magical protection from the cold.
* During this time, I examined the room and found a secret door with my intricate knowledge of stonework! Following the passage behind this door led us to discover a hole that connected to one of the cells in which the prisoners were held. We sent Tuilleth forth - knew he'd be useful for something! - to tell the women and girls in the cell to be quiet as we rescued them. We dropped a rope down and they climbed out without alerting the guards.
* After this, the women told us that Pebble was being held alone in another cell on the other side of the room. Not wanting to leave the love of his life behind, Parx donned the Boots of Elvenkind and snuck down. With his honed and almost magical skills, he managed to pick the lock on the first cell, sneak across the room, pick the lock on Pebble's cell, and get her back and out without the guards noticing. They must have been dumb or deaf - or both!
* Parx told us that he could see a huge creature in the room next to the area with the cells - a creature far bigger than a hobgoblin.

### Southwards in haste: In the woods above the River Ystrad
#### Keep Quiet or Die
* As we fled the cave through a secret exit, we heard an uproar from behind us as the captors discovered that their captives had escaped. Leading the women and girls, we ran into the forest. Unfortunately, we got turned around and ended up coming out on a different path instead of at the edge of the wood as intended.
* With the women and especially girls tiring, we have decided to hide a couple of hundred feet off the path (in the opposite direction to the way to the cave - we hope) and rest for the night. We have set up our tents (Parx's and mine) for the girls as it is quite cold and wet outside. Hopefully we aren't discovered during the night - we have told the women and girls to be as quiet as possible.
* Ephraim has decided to attune to the Shield of Missile Attraction before taking his evening's rest.
