## 26th Ennamene 1741
### Southwards in haste: In the woods above the River Ystrad
#### RUN!
* From our camp in the woods, we fled south as quickly as possible. As we reached the path, we heard a horn coming from the direction of the cave. We decided to try and get to the barge and cross the river as quickly as possible.
* As we came out of the woodland onto the grassland that led to the river, we could hear our pursuers getting closer and the sound of trees breaking as something large made its way through the forest in our direction. Running towards the river - hurrying the women and children in front of us - we noticed that there was, seemingly, a large rock by the solitary tree in the middle of the grassland.
* We were surprised when the rock (as we cautiously circled around it) uncurled itself and stood up - revealing itself to be a colossal brown bear. Looking behind us, we could see a lot of hobgoblins and a huge ogre emerging from the woodland. Bizarrely, the bear indicated that we should continue towards the river and then proceeded to charge towards our pursuers.
* Upon reaching the river, we connected two 50ft hemp ropes together and used them to secure the barge - just in case the existing rope, noticeably frayed, breaks during the crossing. Having done this, we immediately loaded all of the girls and a few of the women onto the barge and began sending them across. Looking back we saw the bear peel away from our pursuers and run to the east - drawing some, but not all, away from us. We told the remaining women to duck down out of the way by the edge of the river and began taking shots at the approaching hoard! I blew the magical conch that Willow gave us - praying to Thor that he would arrive in time to aid us.
* In an epic battle where all of the arrows that we fired towards us seemed to be sucked magically towards Ephraim's new shield, we managed to kill 6 goblins, 2 bugbears, 2 wolves, and a dire wolf. Thank Thor that Willow arrived before we were encircled by the 10 hobgoblins and the ogre. Bessie even threw a rocks at the encroaching hoard to aid us!
* The remaining women boarded the Beautiful Bess as soon as she was alongside the bank and we dashed aboard after them - though I did have to give Ephraim a friendly shove to help him onto the boat! As we pulled away from our pursuers, we asked Willow to drop Tuilleth and us on the other bank so we could escort the five women and 10 girls who made it across in the barge safely back to Baramew. Safely on the other side of the river, we cut barge from the ropes connected to it to prevent the hobgoblins pulling it back across. After taking a couple of unsuccessful pot-shots at the hobgoblins, we headed south to catch up with the women and girls.

### Southward on the road: River Ystrad to Baramew
#### Tuilleth the Wise
* Halfway back to Baramew, we are now making camp for the night. Tuilleth never ceases to amaze - pulling enough rations to feed all the women and girls from his backpack. He was far more prepared than we were...
