### 17th Ennamene
#### Southward on the road: Tylwyth Deeps to Ystrad Ford
##### The Pissed Pixies
* Today we came across a small river that Sihtric's letter to Haistan hadn't mentioned! Surely the rain alone could not have created such a vast girth of unmapped water. This shrewd intellectual instinct was quickly validated when we tied a rope around [Parx?] and they ventured forward only to instantly fall asleep as they touched the accursed flow! We pulled them out fine - no harm done thanks to a trusty hemp rope.
* We then set about trying to figure out how to cross safely - I proposed chopping down a tree until I was reminded of Haistan's massive cart! Ephraim and Askrigg detected (funny magic stuff) some entities on the other side of the river and called out to them. Their responses were not in the slightest bit helpful but we did eventually figure out that crossing the river with our eyes closed was the solution. We blindfolded Clover just to be on the safe side and led her across with the cart.
* So furious was I with the pixie tricksters when we reached the other bank that I smacked a nearby tree in frustration. I didn't expect escorting a cart to be such an intellectual demanding endeavour! I don't remember much for an hour or so after that except a strange hunger for voles and shrews. The others tell me that those damnable pixies turned me into a weasel for hitting that tree! BAH-MAGICK!

##### The Pungent Pool
* Shortly after returning to my pure dwarf form (albeit in Ephraim's backpack - damn that was a pain to get out of!) we came across a stagnant pool of water against one of the rock cliffs that flanked either side of the road. A withered tree erupting from the centre of where the putrescent pool met the base of the cliff. Some, at first glance, unremarkable bushes stood around the waterfront.
* A new found wariness of water already welling up within us we tied a rope around Ephraim and sent him forth to collect some of the pond-water in his mess tin for further examination. As soon as he touched the waters the bushes came to life and attacked him (note to self: be wary of bushes as well as water).
* Ephraim knocked unconscious in the first blow by the master-bush (technically a vine blight) we spritely sprang into action to come to his aid. I dropped the rope, dashed forward, and threw one of my handaxes straight into the belly of the master-bush. The rest of the battle is a blur but thankfully Ephraim returned to consciousness by himself (thank Borus for that as I don't know shit about medicine or healing)!
* Askrigg investigated the pond before we left and found a fair bit of gold and a pretty gem on a skeleton lying on the bottom at the base of the tree. I asked him to pass me the skeleton's skull to add to my collection as a replacement for the wolf's paw.

##### The Weevil in the Glade
* TODO: the glade and the weevil

##### The Guard Tower at Ystrad Ford
* TODO: reaching Ystrad Ford
* TODO: *confirm dates are correct and what month Ennamene equates to*
