### 18th Ennamene
#### Southward on the road: Ystrad Ford to Crug Hyfgha
##### A Blighted Crop
* As we headed south to Crug Hyfgha with Nisien we noticed that the harvest didn't look very good. There were also a few dead sheep here and there. Ephraim, Askrigg, and Parx decided to ask one of the farmers working the field why the harvest was bad - he blamed bad weather but told them that there had been hard years before. I stayed with Nisien on the road. Haistan has left us now to head at his own pace to Crug Hyfgha.

##### Meeting a Lord
* Nisien led us to the castle to meet Lord Gorion (a wizened old man with grey hair who is almost completely deaf). We told him about our troubles on the road and Nisien asked him for more men to defend Ystrad Ford and patrol north of it. Gorion didn't seem to care much about the goblins, he was more concerned about his pumpkin getting to the nearby town of Baramew for the Eisteddfod and Harvest Festival in a few days. Gorion thought that Lord Gast (of Baramew) was engaging in skulduggery to prevent Gorion's pumpkin making it to the competition in one piece. Nisien managed to get Gorion to agree to allow him to hire more men if the pumpkin made it to the Eisteddfod this year.
* Nisien asked us to escort the pumpkin to Baramew so that he could focus on the defence of the lands to the north of Crug Hyfgha. He offered to pay us 50gp for doing this and we have agreed. Nisien has told us to deliver the pumpkin to Colmund, the High Priest at the Shrine of Sucellus in Baramew.

##### Exploring Crug Hyfgha
* Crug Hyfgha is a small town that spans the River Damara. There is an ancient castle on the hill, originally built by the Prytheni (about 1000 years ago) but with newer Remmic (300-800 years ago) additions. The economy is largely based on crops and cattle. Sihtric lives on the west side of town. There is an island in the middle of the river with a conical wooden temple/shrine to Damara (Goddess of the Here and Now) on it. There is a tavern on the market square called Merry Stoat Tavern.
