### 16th Ennamene
#### Southward on the road: Tylwyth Deeps to Ystrad Ford
##### The Fallen Tree
* We came across a fallen tree blocking the road with a cart pinned against. A human man was cowering next to it with his horse as goblins began to approach him.
* We rushed to his assistance immediately and managed to defeat the goblins and the allies that came to their aid. There was a hilarious moment when Parx called one of them a coward as it fled for its pathetic life, only to return shortly after with a hobgoblin that was very angry to be called a coward. He looked a bit scary until he tripped down one of the steep slopes to the side of the road and I flattened his ugly face with Durg's Hammer! I also shoved my wolf's paw down another wolf's throat in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent it from biting me. Finally, I discovered that Askrigg has a small bird familiar called Jem.
* After the battle we introduced ourselves to the owner of the cart and discovered his name to be Haestan, a slender blonde man from the Vale of Saefern who is carrying wheat and potatoes to Crug Hyfgha at the request of his cousin Sihtric (the blacksmith of Crug Hyfgha). He introduced his horse as Clover - not that I really care about such a trifle as the name of a horse.
* We agreed to escort Haestan to Crug Hyfgha (or at least Ystrad Ford) in exchange for a fee. Seemed like the decent thing to do after his useless guard (Wolfstan) fled from the goblins like a craven dog. Hardly wolf-like if you ask me! I did pick up his crossbow though and Haestan let me have the bolts that Wolfstan had left in the cart.
* Before we cleared the tree from the road and continued onwards I examined the wolves that had attacked with the goblins and discovered them to be branded with goblin tribal markings.

##### The Curious Bear
* We encountered a strange bear as we continued our trek towards Ystrad Ford - it quietly watched us pass as it lay on the top of a ridge above the road. It didn't seem perturbed by our presence or interested in us as a source I food which I thought was odd. Very unlike the bears I encountered in the mountains around Bom Thorum.
* Parx's orcish olfactory system led us to a huge bear shit in the woods. We thought it best to not disturb it.
* Having put a fair amount of distance between us and the felled tree we are about to rest for the night and recover our strength.
