### 18th Ennamene
#### Southward on the road: Ystrad Ford to Crug Hyfgha
##### A Blighted Crop
* As we headed south to Crug Hyfgha with Nisien we noticed that the harvest didn't look very good. There were also a few dead sheep here and there. Ephraim, Askrigg, and Parx decided to ask one of the farmers working the field why the harvest was bad - he blamed bad weather but told them that there had been hard years before. I stayed with Nisien on the road. Haestan has left us now to head at his own pace to Crug Hyfgha.

#### Crug Hyfgha
##### Meeting a Lord
* Nisien led us to the castle to meet Lord Goryon (a wizened old man with grey hair who is almost completely deaf). We told him about our troubles on the road and Nisien asked him for more men to defend Ystrad Ford and patrol north of it. Goryon didn't seem to care much about the goblins, he was more concerned about his pumpkin getting to the nearby town of Baramew for the Eisteddfod and Harvest Festival in a few days. Goryon thought that Lord Gast (of Baramew) was engaging in skulduggery to prevent Goryon's pumpkin making it to the competition in one piece. Nisien managed to get Goryon to agree to allow him to hire more men if the pumpkin made it to the Eisteddfod this year.
* Nisien asked us to escort the pumpkin to Baramew so that he could focus on the defence of the lands to the north of Crug Hyfgha. He offered to pay us 50gp for doing this and we have agreed. Nisien has told us to deliver the pumpkin to Colmund, the High Priest at the Shrine of Sucellus in Baramew.

##### Exploring Crug Hyfgha
* Crug Hyfgha is a small town that spans the River Damara. There is an ancient castle on the hill, originally built by the Prytheni (about 1000 years ago) but with newer Remmic (300-800 years ago) additions. The economy is largely based on crops and cattle. Sihtric lives on the west side of town. There is an island in the middle of the river with a conical wooden temple/shrine to Damara (Goddess of the Here and Now) on it. Inahwen is the High Priestess at the Shrine of Damara. There is a tavern on the market square called Merry Stoat Tavern.

##### The Merry Stoat
* Sinnach is the landlord at the Merry Stoat and his wife is called Maegwin.
* I met a couple of dwarves this evening! Chert and Nickel - great lads! - down from Haern Fell to deliver iron ore to Sihtric. We did a shot of this beastly spirit called Thorig's Hammer! It knocked us all out for a minute or two (or five).
* Anyway, I should head off to sleep - we need to hit the shops tomorrow to stock up. We also need to figure out how we are going to get a bloody huge pumpkin from here to Baramew - what have we gotten ourselves involved in...
