### 19th Ennamene
#### Crug Hyfgha
##### The Market Square
* Parx commissioned a orange pumpkin garb/patch thing from Rachel the weaver/seamstress at her shop on the square.
* While agreeing the contract of this commission with Rachel we noticed coloured puffs of smoke pluming frequently from the chimney of a nearby shop and decided to go and investigate. A real wizard's workshop - pride of Godwig, a first-class wizard according to the certificate he showed us that was framed on a wall of the shop! He told us that he could sell us potions and magical items (if we had the coin to afford them), and also that he could identify the aforementioned that we might acquire elsewhere on our adventures.
* In stock Godwig has 10 healing potions and 2 greater healing potions.

##### Sihtric the Blacksmith
* After shopping we decided to visit Haestan's cousin Sihtric. He hails from the Dannic lands to the east and was a mercenary soldier before heading west and becoming a blacksmith. He was surprised to hear of the goblins in the woods - telling us that this a new occurrence.
* We told him of our quest to ensure the safe delivery of the precious pumpkin to Baramew for the Eisteddfod and he told us to seek out Captain Willow of the Beautiful Bess (which carries cargo along the Ystrad and Damara) if we wanted to seek passage on a boat to take us there. Sihtric told us he was also going to the Eisteddfod and we asked if he would like to travel with us - he accepted our offer.

##### The Beautiful Bess
* We headed down to the docks and dock-master Godstan pointed us towards a large houseboat (with no obvious signs of propulsion) called the Beautiful Bess. Captain Willow invited us aboard and his wife, Teasel, served us a lovely aromatic chamomile tea. We negotiated a price of 20gp to cover travel for 5 (ourselves plus Sihtric) and cargo - one pumpkin!

##### The Shrine of Damara
* From the harbour, we headed to the Shrine of Damara and spoke with Inahwen. She told us that there is a sickness on the land around Crug Hyfgha which is affecting the harvest. She said that although they will survive this winter, if the sickness blights the harvest next year then next winter will be very hard. On a lighter note, we also learnt that the Shrine is hundreds of years old and was built on top of an ancient religious site.
