### 20th Ennamene
#### Westward on the river: Crug Hyfgha to Baramew
##### All Aboard the Beautiful Bess
* After another night of drinking hard spirits in the Merry Stoat, we awoke early to travel to Baramew aboard the Beautiful Bess. We headed up to the castle and collected the pumpkin from Lord Goryon's greenhouse. While dragging it down to the harbour on a wooden pallet trolley we sent Parx to collect Sihtric. At the docks, I easily loaded the pumpkin onto the houseboat with my considerable strength.
* During the journey, Parx and I decided to stand guard over the pumpkin in case of assault from bandit pirates unknown. At some point in the journey, the boat suddenly stopped and I was thrown forwards in the pumpkin (I hope Lord Goryon never reads this...) - thankfully my immense bulk did no harm to the pumpkin. We discovered that the reason for this sudden stop was that Bessy (a giant octopus that propels the Beautiful Bess) had run away.
* Ephraim offered to try to find her and persuade her to return to the boat - he is the most experienced at handling animals after all. After doffing his heavy armour, he went swimming and found Bessy at the bottom of the river under a rock. After unsuccessfully trying to coax her back to the boat Ephraim returned. We asked Willow if he had anything in the cargo that we could use as bait and he gave Ephraim a fish. Ephraim returned to Bessy and managed to persuade her to return with the fish. I later learned from Ephraim that he had spooked Bessy when he peeked into the rear cabin to see how the boat was powered - damn the curious nature of elves!
* On a side note, Parx almost lost his balls to a pike when he dangled them over the side of the boat to dip them in the river.

##### Baramew
* Approaching Baramew, I use my extensive dwarvish knowledge of stonework to deduce that the Baramew bridge of Remmic design. Also, a haiku is carved is carved in 10ft letters on the cliff wall - it reads:
```
Flowers wave slowly
Last farewell escaping fast
Sheep warm without care
```
* After docking, Sihtric told us that we should ask after Marya if we found ourselves at the Rusty Lamb Tavern before he head off.
* I unloaded the pumpkin from the boat without issue. I absolutely did not dent the pumpkin when I slipped on the wet stone of the pier and dropped it - tis but a flesh wound!
* We decided to take the pumpkin to the Colmund at the Shrine of Sucellus immediately and were surprised to discover that the shrine is a giant wicker sheep! There are some sheep with golden-green aura in an enclosure next to the shrine. We spoke to Colmund - an old balding man wearing white woolly robes with a curly white goatee. We hauled the pumpkin up the stairs into the shrine proper without issue.
* Colmund also told us about the Poetry Competition at the Eisteddfod. He said that the judges would be himself, Prince Gwydion (son of Lord Iorome), and Sihtric (as the delegate from Crug Hyfgha). We asked to enter the competition and were accepted as entrants. I'll need to try and write some limericks tomorrow - not really a fan of haikus myself.

##### The Rusty Lamb
* As the others headed to the Rusty Lamb, I decided to try and go to speak with Efnisien and Prince Gwydion at the castle. There I met a young guard on the ramparts called Tuilleth who told me that Efnisien had gone to bed for the night and would not like to be disturbed. I told him that I would return tomorrow and bade him goodnight.
* At the Rusty Lamb, we met the landlord Ragnar (who is a Dannic like Sihtric). Ephraim asked for Marya - "I want Marya!" - and began drinking heavily when we discovered that Marya was an elegant older women. She was even wearing a governess' dress! Parx asked for the "special night" as well and was introduced to Pebble the rotund hairy dwarf dominatrix!
* Ephraim has been dragged off by Marya - he looked resigned to his fate! I think I'll have a couple more drinks and then head to bed.
