### 21th Ennamene
#### Baramew
##### Finding Ephraim
* We awoke today to find Ephraim missing and his armour on a nearby bed. After a quick breakfast, we asked Ragnar when Ephraim had gone and he pointed us out the door. We collected Ephraim's armour and headed out to find him.
* We discovered a disgusting mess of brown liquid on the road outside and decided to follow the footsteps (presuming the mess to be of Ephraim's making). On our way down to the river we met Willow - he thanked us for our help with Bessy and gave us a magical conch.
* At the river we discovered Ephraim washing himself. We gave him back his armour and as he donned it he told us that Bessy had come to him during his bath and given him a green amulet made from vines and other plant matter.

##### Exploring Baramew
* We visited the Golden Fleece at Colmund's recommendation and met the landlord Helfcene. Unfortunately the prices were extortionate and we were forced to leave without buying a drink and bankrupting ourselves.
* We returned to the castle where we managed to speak with Efnisien. He told us about an arrangement he has with his brother Nisien with regards to managing the rivalry between their Lords in the pumpkin competition. I also asked him about Prince Gwydion - does he seem like the sort of guy who likes his poetry more humorous? Efnisien said he didn't know much about him but that Prince Gwydion was quite young and lovely so probably...
* After checking on the pumpkin again, we returned to the Rusty Lamb to drink some more and write some limericks.

##### Rambunctious Limericks in the Rusty Lamb
* Below are some of the possible limericks for competition tomorrow:
```
There once was a ewe in a yew,
Looking stranger than a hand in a show.
You could her bah,
From quite afar,
She had been stuck there with magical glue!
-
A charlatan called Dave ran a scam,
Claiming to be selling a portable ram.
But once the deal was done,
And cunning Dave had run,
The buyer received just a lamb!
-
Without a luscious thick coat of wool,
My favourite ewe, how will I pull?
My greatest fears,
Includes sharp shears!
I'll give the damn farmer a mouthful!
-
A limerick about sheep should be crass,
But all sheep really do is eat grass.
They roll and play,
For the rest of the day,
Wiping the shit from their ass!
-
A man found a sheep under sheets,
And rammed her while tugging her teats.
The shit on her cunt,
Went all over his front,
All to the sound of her bleats!
```
* I think I'll go with the last one tomorrow - have to go hard or go home!
