### 22nd Ennamene
#### Baramew
##### The 649th Baramew Eisteddfod
* The Eisteddfod field was quite flooded today - it hasn't stopped raining in last couple of days! Thankfully the two pavilions weren't affected too badly.
* We participated in the sheep toss where we met Bearny Cinder (the local wizard of Baramew) as he caught the tossed sheep before they hit the ground with his immense magical powers! He seemed a lot more competent that Godwig. Unfortunately, I was soundly beaten by Sihtric in my bracket and lost my bet.
* After the sheep toss, we tried our hand in the Archery Competition which was supervised by Efnisien. Thanks to a blessing from Ephraim I hit all three targets with the 5 arrows provided, winning a longbow and 10 enchanted arrows!

##### The Poetry Competition
* We read our poems in the competition - I went first! Colmund was absolutely disgusted by all of them but Sihtric and Prince Gwydion seemed to receive them well. Below are the poems that the others presented:

```
Askrigg:
?

Ephraim:
There once was a ram on a rock,
With the most magnificent cock.
He sprayed out his seed,
For a woman in need,
Now they've a child out of wedlock!

Parx:
?
```

* Unfortunately, as Colmund was about to announce the winner he was shot in the neck with an arrow as the Eisteddfod was attacked by a band of goblins (some of them riding worgs) which were led by a bugbear. Sihtric and Prince Gwydion aided us in battle with the guards of Baramew. Elysia vanished at the start of the attack.
* I finally struck the final blow against the bugbear - smashing to bits his lower half!
* After the battle, we checked the other tent to find that the women and children had been taken by another large group of bugbears and goblins. Askrigg investigated Colmund's thoroughly dead corpse and found that he was wearing underwear patterned with sheep. Ephraim, hungry after battle, smashed Goryon's pumpkin with his warhammer and began to eat it with Sihtric - the evidence was destroyed!

##### The Council
* Parx, Prince Gwydion and I headed to the castle to inform Lord Gast. We found Efnisien on route in the Golden Fleece and told him about the attack. He looked sheepish because he missed the attack as he was drinking in the GF. I think I am getting pretty good at this limerick lark as on route to the castle, I came up with another limerick:

```
There once was a priest of Sucellus,
Who did not like his poetry humorous.
He served his god well,
Until sadly he fell,
To an arrow near the humerus.
```
* In the courtyard of the castle I asked Efnisien what I should say with regard to his absence. Also, I noted that Baramew castle appears to be Remmic.
* Lord Gast called a war council and we retrieved Ephraim and Askrigg to attend it. At the council, we agreed to head north with a party to try and rescue the captives. During the council, a chough flew down and landed on Prince Gwydion's shoulder - it reminded me of Askrigg and Jem.
* After the war council, Efnisien took us to Merewahl at Kobold Outdoor to stock up supplies and rations.
* We also visited Bearny Cinder at his shop. We asked him where he acquired his pipe weed and he told us that his Weetledorf's Wondrous Weed from Captain Willow. He didn't have any to spare but he did offer us another toke on his magical pipe - I thought that I had three eyes for a few minutes and Parx started raving about having turned blue!

##### The Rusty Lamb
* We are about to have a couple of drinks before getting an early night in order to be ready to head north with Prince Gwydion and some guards tomorrow morning.
