## 2nd Dekamene 1741
### Crug Hyfgha
* We made it back to Crug Hyfgha in the evening and proceeded straight to the Merry Stoat. Inside we found Sihtric, Nisien, Chert, and Nickel.
* Sinnach pointed us towards a set of job postings on a board on the wall of the tavern. The mining job in Haern Fell was the only one that appealed to me from the positions available. However, I wasn't enthused by the possibility of losing limbs.
* I bought a round of Thorig's Hammer for Sihtric, Nisien, Chert, Nickel, and us for 8gp. Parx, Chert, and I enjoyed the spirit greatly. Ephraim was completely knocked out for the evening but the others woke up in a few minutes.
* Over a conversation with Sihtric, I discovered that he is unmarried. After a sudden flash of inspiration, brought on by the Thorig's Hammer no doubt, I asked if he would be interested in some help at the forge over the winter and he accepted. Smashing iron at a hot forge to keep the winter chill at bay seems a much nicer prospect that skulking around in a cold damp mine.
* Askrigg is thinking about taking up employment with Godwig - he is searching for an apprentice and potion-tester. Ephraim thinks that the gardening job sounds good for a cleric of Borus - working with Rodger, the Purveyor of Miniature Trees. Parx has decided to work in the Merry Stoat over the winter as it seems like a good place to keep an eye on the comings-and-goings of people in town and develop his underworld contacts. None of us wanted to be a shepherd over the winter!
