## 1st Trimene 1742
### Crug Hyfgha
#### Overwinter
* Working with Sihtric over the winter, I discovered some more about Sihtric's past. He was mercenary in the southeast of Albion - fighting in the battles between the Dannic lords. He also fought orc raiders in the southwest peninsula of Albion before moving to Prydain to settle down as a blacksmith.
* During the winter, he taught me about the history of various types of metal weapons and also showed me how to spruce up metal weapons to be able to get a better sale price for them.
* Askrigg survived Godwig's experiments and actually came out of them 2" taller! He says that with his help Godwig seems to have actually improved as a wizard.
* Ephraim spent the winter tending miniature trees with Rodger and was given a sentient shrub, which he has called Rhobb, as a reward. Rhobb is wise in the ways of the wild - he might increase our chance of survival a bit!
* Parx carved some Thieves' Cant into the door of the Merry Stoat at the start of his employment there and has been contacted by Willow during the course of the winter - he is laying the foundations of his criminal empire already!

#### Cheerless Chert and Fickle Nickel
* We met Chert and Nickel in the Merry Stoat - Chert was not as chipper as usual, presumably because Nickel was quite ill and a lot paler and greener than usual.
* Chert told us that the dwarves who work the Haern Fell Mines are getting sick and that Nickel had recently taken Feldspar's shift in the mine. Ephraim gave Nickel a medical examination and thinks that the sickness is as a result of poisoning.
* Chert asked if we would be interested in investigating and we have agreed that we will travel back to Haern Fell with them. We should speak to Old Father Sulphur (a specialist in medical riveting) when we get there as he is the medic/surgeon in Haern Fell.
* We visited Rachel the Weaver to commission a set of wool stuffed facial masks - a precaution in case the poison in the mines is in the air. We need to remember to pick them up tomorrow morning before we set out for Haern Fell. 
