## 3rd Trimene 1742
### Southward on the road: Crug Hyfgha to Haern Fell
#### A Strange Stable
* We passed a stable in the morning on the way to Haern Fell. Something about the stable seemed strangely familiar - it was very disconcerting... As we stopped to rest for a moment, we thought that we could almost hear the sounds of laughter and dice rolling from within on the wind but upon further inspection confirmed that the stable was completely abandoned.
* Although it is a bit out of the way, it might prove useful in the future to acquire it in order to get on the housing ladder and as a location for stashing valuables.

#### Haern Fell
* We proceeded onwards to Haern Fell and arrived in the late afternoon. It is a small and functional mining village with a notable slightly larger and whitewashed building with a falcon (the symbol of Freya, Goddess of Healing and Fertility) over the door.
* Chert and Nickel pointed us towards where we might find Overseer Manganese and we went to speak with him immediately. He told us the plague of the mines is getting worse - shifts that went down two weeks ago came up slightly ill and recovered after a few days of bed rest but in the last few days the shift miners have been returning to the surface green and vomiting. His investigations have turned up nothing.
* On Manganese's advice, we went to speak with Buckthorn and Bracken - two gnomes that were hired to operate the steam pumping system (Marvellous Pumping Engine) that extracts water from the mine system. They told us that we should seek out Toadstool in the depths of the mines and ask his advice.
* To get a better idea of what plague we might succumb to in the mines, we visited the infirmary and there met Old Father Sulphur (a specialist in medical riveting) and his assistant Jasper. Jasper told us that a couple of dwarves were missing in the mines - we should attempt to discover what became of them - and that we should speak to B&B for a map and some equipment.
* We are spending the night with Feldspar (the blacksmith) before heading down into the abyss at first light tomorrow. We probably shouldn't drink too much.
