## 4th Trimene 1742
### Haern Fell Mine
#### Race to the Bottom
* We charged headfirst into the mines - eager to track down this scourge! Unfortunately, along the way we stupidly activate a few valves while standing in front of them and got a tad wet - the water felt oily and sickly upon the skin.
* After taking a short rest in the storeroom, we retraced our steps to kill the Ochre Jellies. We did this successfully but Parx ran through a puddle of water on top of one of the collection grates in the mine and then got splashed with more water by the OJ. He started to look a bit more green and tired than usual after this.
* We proceeded along the corridor where the Gelatinous Cube was and found a very wet dwarf called Gypsum. He was rambling on about voices.
* We followed the tunnel that Gypsum came from and encountered another Ochre Jelly. While fighting it we were ambushed by another Gibbering Mouther. During the fight, Ephraim and I tried to run away from the GM and were knocked unconscious. Thankfully, Parx managed to pour a healing potion down Ephraim's throat and then Ephraim kicked me to cure some of my wounds.

#### Shrooms and Spores
* After defeating the GM, we continued to explore the tunnels and came across a giant sentient mushroom called Toadstool. He told us that the poison in the mine was entering the mine in the water flowing from above Haern Fell. We agreed to track down the source of this tainted water and try to stop the poisoning while Toadstool said he would continue to try and purify the water in the mines as much as possible for as long as he could. Ephraim gave Toadstool a few drops of his magical Borus water to help him with this endeavour.
* Leaving the mines to return to the surface, we noticed that the snoring sound was still coming through the crack in the wall by the lift.

#### Back to the Surface
* We returned to the surface and spoke with Manganese, Buckthorn, and Bracken. We detailed our findings and enquired after the snoring noise through the cracks. Buckthorn told us that those were Rustmonsters and we were lucky that we didn't wake them. He also thinks that, given Toadstool's condition, we have maybe 2-3 days maximum to stop the poisoning before everything in the mine dies. B&B told us that we should follow the stream up the mountain as it seems that the poison is coming in via the water supply.
* Manganese told us that he remembers Jaspar knowing of someone who travelled up the escarpment last year but doesn't see much point in this line of investigation.
* As we were speaking, Parx fell down looking mighty unwell.
* We took Parx to the infirmary immediately (Askrigg propping up the half-orc Parx alone!) and left him in Jaspar's care. Sulphur was examining gypsum - tapping him over the head with a sledgehammer! We asked after the individual that Jaspar knew had travelled up the mountain and were to surprised to hear of Oddie (a halfling that Askrigg knew during his time studying).
* Oddie is interested in bird watching - he came to Haern Fell, spent a few days wandering about and making strange bird noises before heading up the escarpment. He came back a few days later in a trance - they took him to Feldspar's shop and couldn't get a word out of him! A day after giving him a shot of Thorik's Hammer he snapped out of it. He couldn't remember much from his time up the mountain apart from some big birds - very helpful...
* We returned to Feldspar's for the evening - he sold us a bottle of Thorik's hammer for 5gp. Upon enquiry, he also told us that Thorik's hammer is made from refining the blood of cave-fishers.
* We took a shot of Thorik's hammer and I awoke to find myself on the floor with Ephraim and Feldspar. Askrigg was looking down at us! Off to bed now...
