## 5th Trimene 1742
### Above Haern Fell
#### Following the Stream
* We awoke to another wet day and proceeded to follow the stream up the mountain.
* We came upon a cliff with a waterfall, a zigzag path, and a large "bird" patrolling the cliff top. We proceeded carefully up the path to the clifftop but were still beset upon some odious harpies. They sang to us in an attempt to bewitch us into thinking they were a most beautiful specimen of the race we most desire. In my trance I leapt off a pinnacle of rock - I think that those harpies must have been the same that Oddie encountered. Askrigg made one of the harpies laugh so hard that she fell out of the sky - taking out Ephraim on her way down alas! While she was prone on the ground, I bashed into her skull by wielding my warhammer two-handed.

#### Into the Canyon
* We proceeded to follow the stream again and came across a dark canyon where the sun doesn't seem to shine... In the canyon, there were a lot of webs which Askrigg firebolted in order to clear a path.
* Unfortunately, it would appear that our arsonist zeal drove the enemies together - we were attacked by a giant spider, multiple swarms of small spiders, and an ettercap. Mobbed by spiders, I fell unconscious and awoke prone to Ephraim kicking some life into me... again. Without a marvellous thunderwave by Askrigg, we would have surely died and Haern Fell with us.
* Deep in the depths of the canyon, we discovered a grotesque mannequin dressed in a fine silk cloak. From the hem of the cloak a sickly green substance was flowing into the lake. Burning the webs around the mannequin destroyed it and some other stuff but the gold and cloak were left unharmed. We recovered the cloak, 50gp of trinkets and baubles, and a pair of charred slippers with a hint of magic to them.
* As I touched the cloak a ghostly apparition of an ugly and hooded woman appeared over the lake - she glared and pointed at us before screaming and fading. Examining the cloak revealed it to be the Silk Cloak of Orddu - it sounds powerful!
* Poisoning averted and Haern Fell hopefully on the mend, we have decided to camp in the back of the canyon for the night before we return down the mountain tomorrow.
