## 8th Trimene 1742
### Crug Hyfgha
#### Chaos and Skin-Changers in Crug Hyfgha
* We woke up at midday - either we were tired from travelling or we drank too much last night - to find the Stoat empty.
* Ephraim looked out of the window and saw an agitation in the market place. There were a bunch of Baramew guards with Tuilleth in one corner and Nisien with some of the Crug Hyfgha guard in the other corner diagonally. Inahwen, Maegwin, and Gwelan were in the middle of square. Sinnach was looking on sheepishly from the side of the square. Parx was nowhere to be seen...
* We proceeded out into the square and asked Nisien what was going on. He told us that Maegwin had just accused Gwelan of being a skin-changer and appeared terrified by the prospect of this being true. Sihtric was just rolling his eyes throughout. We discovered that this morning Maegwin called Inahwen and a gathering of the folk of Crug Hyfgha and publicly accused Gwelan. The penalty for changing your skin is death! Gwelan kept denying it and looked scared to death. Inahwen did not look happy with the situation at all. Sinnach was being held back from Maegwin by the halflings who work in the stable - not very successfully. He was looking at Maegwin with hate and Gwelan with concern.
* Nisien told us the Baramew guards were expected to arrive today - ready for a planned ogre hunt tomorrow for which our help would be most appreciated. Maegwin started the chaos as the Baramew guards arrived. The plan for the ogre hunt is to leave tomorrow morning.
* Ephraim persuaded Nisien (with the power of Borus) to form a perimeter to keep the mob off. I asked Sihtric why he's angry and he blamed the local superstitions. He said that those in the valley of Crug Hyfgha are brought up with a hatred of skin-changers. He spoke of the legend of a skin-changer who lived to the south of Baramew - the skin-changer was defeated, sentenced to death, and buried in the Barrow Hills. The last skin-changer discovered here in Crug Hyfgha was tried and then burnt at the stake!
* Maegwin proclaims to the assembled masses that Efiathe also saw Gwelan. Efiathe seemed more scared of Maegwin than Gwelan.
* I drew my hammer and moved to protect Gwelan. Maegwin thought that this meant I was choosing to be Gwelan's champion and asked for a champion to defend her side. Helfcene (the odious oaf) stepped forward - I resolved to make the prick regret this decision. He was wielding a maul so I asked Sihtric to get me a maul from his shop quick as the villagers laid out the Square of Segomo, built a pyre, and mounted Gwelan on it.
* I destroyed Helfcene in the dual - he was so pathetic at fighting that it would have been a boring engagement if I didn't dislike him so much. I managed to resist the temptation to kill him though. A distant boom of thunder at I struck down Helfcene confirmed my belief that Thor is with me in this endeavour!
* After the dual, Askrigg told us that he noticed that Maegwin is wearing a magical necklace (with a hint of enchantment upon it).
* As the crowd dispersed, two horses rode through the square without stopping - one had no rider and the other bore Elysia. She rode off towards the elf settlement on the east of town.

#### Afternoon
* We went back to the Merry Stoat for an afternoon breakfast. Sinnach seemed pretty pissed off at Maegwin and wanted her to answer for falsely accusing Gwelan in front of a court. As they were leaving to take her to the castle, we confronted Maegwin and asked about the necklace. Sinnach searched her and discovered it - a simple iron mirror necklace. Upon inspection, Askrigg came to believe that it is some sort of communication device.
* We head up to the castle with them and explained the situation to Iudith (Goryon's wife). We were given the necklace to take to Inahwen for safekeeping. I hid it in my beard at the moment. Iudith suggested a gathering (a trial) in a few days time and we agreed.
* Iudith also told us that we should speak to Barnabus when we enquired about the stable and a land registry. He wasn't in town today but she told us that he lives on an estate north of Crug Hyfgha (about a halfday travel away).
* We head down to Godwig's - the door was ajar and investigating inside we found a bucket filled with water in the middle of the floor. In the bucket there was an eel - it bore a striking resemblance to Godwig so Ephraim decided to try speaking with it. Turns out that Godwig had been experimenting again... We waited for him to change back. He asked that I take the blue potion that was left in the bottle on the table and pour it down the sink but I managed to sneak it into my beard and replace the bottle with an empty one. It reminded me of a trick I used to pull off in Bom Thorum in my youth! We bought some healing potions and paid 100gp to have the Slippers of Spider Climbing identified as such. Godwig offered to fix them for an extortionate price so Askrigg declined and said he would do it himself.
* I spoke to Rachel and commissioned a crimson-red tuxedo and top hat. I paid the full 15gp immediately for it. It will completed in 8 days time.
* We headed to the Shrine and gave the necklace to Inahwen for safekeeping, explained what is happening with regard to Maegwin and her trial. We also asked about the Flowers of Nonnillias and she referred us to Pelippa (a herbalist) or Elysia in the elvish settlement.
* She also told us Elysia has been in/around C.H. for 10 years but is not sure where she came from before then. She said that Elysia and Gwydion were travelling together last year and that Elysia normally spends the winters in Crug Hyfgha.

##### Elves and Bears
* We went to the elvish settlement and found Elysia, she told us that Gwydion was missing in the Barrow Hills and asked for our help. We graciously offered it fully. After we did this, Elysia told us she needed to show us her secret - THEN SHE TURNED INTO A GIANT BROWN BEAR!
* We asked Elysia about the Flowers of Nonnillias and she said that some could be found at a lonely mountain to the northeast of C.H. - she said that she would help us to find them if we helped her find Gwydion. Sounds like a fair deal.
* Elysia gave us 150gp to buy horses in order to expedite the journey. We ambled back into Crug Hyfgha to grab rations for the journey and there met Parx again - he told us that Willow is taking the BB to Baramew tonight and so we booked passage (as this will cut the journey time by another couple of days). We spoke to Sihtric at the castle, explained the situation to him, and asked him to make apologies for missing the ogre hunt to Nisien and Tuilleth on our behalf.
* We retrieved Elysia, boarded the BB, smoked some WWW from Willow's pipe - I thought that I was 10ft taller and yet still in proportion! For fear of capsizing the boat, I crouched down and waited for the hallucination to pass... Ephraim also took a toke and told me later that he thought that I had turned into a hideous monster. I did wonder why he tried to attack me suddenly! We found him later down in the engine room with Bessie gently comforting him with strokes from one of her tentacles.
